thanks for watching i'm the host of the
show and welcome to our
after the after the final rose is
dead and starting to smell spectacular
we'll get into that bachelor mess later
but first
what a morning we had rain and daylight
saving time i feel like i'm lucky to be
alive
my kids did your son benji sleep late
today
yes mike slept like they had three
margaritas last night
we had to drag them out of bed the thing
about daylight savings time is
it's terrible it's even even when you
get an extra hour to sleep the whole
hour i spend resetting clocks
alarm clock clock in the guest room two
clocks in the
each car the microwave the oven and
every clock has its own special way to
be set
by the way if you hate daylight saving
time like i do you have this man to
blame this is former new york senator
william calder
he did this to us back in 1918. look at
that clock sucker he's
you can you can tell he's a monster the
second you lay eyes on him
you know how you know that daylight
saving time is bs
because more than 50 years ago arizona
was like yeah we're not going to do that
and for the most part they seem to be
fine
hollywood was up bright and early it's
oscar nomination day the grammys
immediately give way to the academy
awards
the most nominated film was with 10 nods
was
mank which is the true story of how
herman j
mankowitz wrote the screenplay for
citizen kane that's right it's a movie
about another movie because there's
nothing hollywood loves
more than itself the academy also
announced that the ceremony will take
place partially from union station this
year
in los angeles which is where all the
trains converge that's exciting this
means
this year gary oldman might accept an
oscar on a caboose
do they still use those cabooses i think
they thank you
here in l.a not only are we honoring
movies as
of today we can actually go see movies
again covert restrictions are loosening
up
and it's out of curiosity how many of
you who
are who will actually go see movies in
the theaters
none of you yes that's right i had a
feeling
movies and indoor dining is back at 25
capacity
even disneyland will be up and running
soon at 15
capacity which i have to say actually
south disneyland at 15 percent
that sounds like the happiest place on
earth
gyms are allowed to open but at 10
capacity for the gyms which that's a
tough one
how am i supposed to go to the gym
during a pandemic when i wasn't even
going to the gym before the pandemic
meanwhile this is the scene in las vegas
where the casinos are
open they are now allowed to be half
full that's how it's going in vegas
you can see half you can see donnie but
not marie
all those people are looking at their
phones there still isn't anywhere enough
vaccine to go around and even when there
is the worry is that people
will not want it 49 of republican men
say they will not get the vaccine
suddenly they're against bearing their
arms
and republicans in fairness
they have been fed so much nonsense from
their fox and friends you think about it
this is what they've heard
the pandemic isn't a big deal it'll wash
away it's no worse than the flu
but it was created by china to destroy
us
which is it is trump not getting the
credit
he deserves for manufacturing the
vaccine or is this how bill gates
controls our minds
no wonder there hasn't i'd be hesitant
too if everything i was told
contradicted everything else i was told
dr fouty
has strongly urged donald trump to tell
his followers to get vaccinated
like he did which he did not do on
camera he said it will make
all the difference in the world if trump
did that and he probably will he
generally does the right thing
but this is what our former president is
up to
there's a big story last week about how
trump's daughter-in-law
lara she of the plumped lips was
she was event chairwoman for a charity
called big dog ranch rescue
and this charity paid almost two million
dollars
to mar-a-lago which is owned by guess
who over the past seven years
that doesn't sound suspicious at all but
they had an event there on friday
and guess who stopped by to say how much
he loves dogs
so i didn't exactly prepare for this
but i was walking and i hear everybody
screaming i said what's going on
we're going to help dogs
we had many meetings in the white house
in the oval office having to do with
saving and helping dogs
right he had many meetings at the white
house and oval office
having to do with saving and helping
dogs
specifically mike pence and after trump
popped up to help dogs his sycophants
got to work
posting president trump is looking
better than ever before
he's getting in shape for 2024 and the
liberals are freaking out
here's another one president trump looks
fantastic and stronger than ever okay
listen
i get that you support donald trump but
put that picture back up for a second
he doesn't look strong and he definitely
doesn't look fantastic he looks like an
old man with his belt pulled up to his
nips
is what he he looks like a bowl of
mashed potatoes and pants
okay this is a heck of a story from the
new yorker it involves the
chief financial officer for the trump
organization a guy named alan weiselberg
this happened years ago according to
weisselbert's then-future
daughter-in-law
so why isaberg's mother passed away he
works for trump and the family is
sitting shiva which is a jewish
tradition
a period of mourning explain it
guillermo
never mind it's where people come to the
house they express condolences
they bring food and they have a little
remembrance so donald trump shows up
he gets out of the limo and the first
thing he says at this solemn event is
this is where my cfo lives this is
embarrassing
then he goes around to some of the
mourners and starts showing them
pictures of himself with a bunch of
naked women on a yacht
well we all grieve in different ways so
and then he hit on the daughter-in-law
who was engaged to the cfo's son
at the funeral trump has denied the
allegation he calls them fake jews
and if
this would be a bad one to bring to the
weiselbergs this is
you know how these right-wingers are are
saying it was antifa who attacked the
capital
it was antifa in disguise well according
to a court filing one of the
stormtroopers
is an army reservist who worked on a
navy base as a security contractor
and is a known nazi sympathizers now now
how do you become a known
nazi sympathizer well one way to do it
is to look like this
that's the guy his name is timothy hale
cucinelli
it's always the ones you most expect you
know
we have a lot of problems on this planet
and so scientists at the university of
arizona
are working on what they've described as
a solar-powered moon arc
that would store frozen sperm and egg
samples for millions of humans and
animals
on the moon well the minute mike pence
steps away from the space force
immediately start blasting the moon with
sperm it's unbelievable
so step one for this project is to
collect semen samples
from 6.7 million species on earth this
is the part of the movie where the
helicopter lands at fort worth federal
prison
and an old colonel from the pentagon
gets out and tells joe exotic
we have a special mission for you
what a plan this is though forget those
stupid star registries guillermo next
year for your birthday
i'm sending your sperm to the moon sure
whatever you want
tonight was a bachelor finale night here
on abc
this really has been the most dramatic
season yet even chris harrison got voted
off this season
and in the end bachelor matt did not get
down on one knee
i've seen what rushing into
a proposal in marriage can do in my
family
and it's ugly and it's not something i
want for you but for us
and that's why i can't propose to you
today
so matt did not propose but he did give
rachel a rose and he told her he loved
her
at which it turns out didn't last long
it's nice to
tell somebody that you love them and
every time i say it it feels
more real and it doesn't get more real
than this
i love you
yeah and we'll do it again and we'll do
it again that was a weird one
after the show wrapped once they got
back to real life we learned that rachel
went to something called a plantation
party
and could subsequently not understand
why
matt would be upset about that so they
broke up and not even the pressure of
televised discomfort could get them back
together
well if you all want to share one final
embrace
i don't know if it'll ever not hurt
hearing those things
it was a night of many sighs it was a
night that almost makes you question the
sanctity of the bachelor franchise
itself
and let me tell you something breathing
like that is an especially dangerous
thing to do during a pandemic
of course they couldn't end the season
on a down note so
phil and host emmanuel outro did his
best to put some mystery
in the mix when we return we're gonna
try to turn the corner here
we're gonna meet our new bachelorette
and if you think you know who it is
you might be right but you might not be
you also might be
and cover all the bases so then they
came back with a big reveal
which was uh who will be the next young
hopeful
to try and ultimately fail to find love
should we tell bachelor nation
where the bachelorette that's right two
separate seasons
two separate women two separate journeys
hopefully ending up
and two separate engagements
congratulations ladies two
two is too many i don't want to i want
one
i want none is really what i want but
now
so now we have the next two
bachelorettes uh one is michelle
who was matt's alternate and katie who
you may remember as the gal who showed
up
with a sex toy this season so
congratulations ladies you're
about to embark on a journey through
emotional hell i also want to mention
that
once again my wife molly correctly
picked it
predicted who the bachelor picked
turned out to be the racist one but she
picked her
molly has now chosen nine of the last 12
winners on the bachelor
and bachelorette that's 75
that's more effective than the johnson
and johnson vaccine
one more item since we just marked the
first anniversary of
the coveted lockdowns we sent a camera
down to the third street farmers market
to ask people what their lives have been
like over the past year and then since
everyone had their mouths covered we
swapped their voices in a new edition
of masking questions
we're talking to people about the
pandemic lauren what's been the
toughest part about lockdown for you the
new way of living
it's just everything has changed now
how about you isaiah what's been the
toughest part about the pandemic for you
um i can't go on dates how i used to so
everything is closed
the stuff i want to do i can't do so i
have to stay at home for the most part
nessie isabella what have you been doing
over this last year to keep yourself
busy
during the lockdown well i'm actually a
mental health therapist so
i have been seeing clients throughout
the whole time
tati what do you do to keep yourself
sane during the lockdown
play with my dolls and draw random
things really
so i just run around in the yard to
keep my energy up what's been the
toughest part about lockdown for you
uh i don't know just not seeing enough
people you know not the interaction
what's been the toughest part about the
lockdown for the last year for you
i'll just say this being an older single
black woman
and coming through black lives matter
and an
insurrection this has been the hardest
time that i have ever lived
in los angeles california earthquakes
included
let me ask you this dana what's
something quiz has been doing through
the pandemic that drives you a little
crazy
so dana she grew up with her
grandparents so like they had her
cleaning the house like a slave
so now she was she's releasing that
trauma on to me
chris anything that dana does that kind
of
annoys you uh he likes to leave like
little hairs on a bathroom floor and i
think he should kind of sleep them up
but then he doesn't always have time but
it's kind of annoying i keep the
bathroom clean though i don't understand
like i clean the bathroom
i don't see what's naggy about what i'm
saying just keep the bathroom cleaners
wouldn't have issues
i have great cleaning habits i don't
understand what she's doing
you don't clean it that thoroughly i
don't understand how this is so
confusing that's the thing she loves to
use that word confusing everything is
confusing he doesn't have great cleaning
habits if he did then we wouldn't be
having this discussion so i don't get
what's so confusing about this
i'm not i'm now now i am curious you are
confused
we wandered into something there hi i'm
jimmy kimmel
an evil wizard has trapped me inside
this youtube video
click subscribe to help me escape